docs: clarify expectations on Coordinator readiness (#1581)
edgelesssys/contrast: docs/docs/architecture/components/coordinator.md

- _Reference Values_: The remote attestation reference values for the Kata confidential micro-VM that's the runtime environment of your Pods.
- _WorkloadOwnerKeyDigest_: The workload owner's public key digest. Used for authenticating subsequent manifest updates.
- _SeedshareOwnerKeys_: public keys of seed share owners. Used to authenticate user recovery and permission to handle the secret seed.

<!-- TODO(burgerdev): document manifest storage. -->

## State

A Contrast Coordinator can be in one of three states:

- After a fresh installation, there is no manifest history and the Coordinator waits for its initialization by `contrast set`.
- When the Coordinator starts up and finds an existing manifest history, it enters _recovery mode_.

>   It periodically tries to recover from its peers, or waits for a `contrast recover` if there are none.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It periodically tries to recover from its peers, or waits for the user to run `contrast recover` if there are none.
```

  All other API requests fail as long as the Coordinator is in recovery mode.
- If the Coordinator is synchronized to the latest manifest in history, it transitions to the `Ready` state and starts accepting requests from workload initializers.

## Services

The Contrast Coordinator comes with two services: `coordinator` and `coordinator-ready`.
The `coordinator` service is backed by all Coordinators, ready or not ready, and is intended to serve user API (that is, `contrast` CLI commands).

> The `coordinator-ready` service only selects ready Coordinators which can serve the mesh API, and is intended to be used by initializers.

Reviewer: and for peer recovery?
